In this video, we'll go over the steps necessary to install the command line tools, which includes
the C++ compiler on the MAC OS ten platform.
In order to do this, we need to have a terminal window.
So let's go over to Spotlight, search and type in terminal and we'll get a terminal window running.
At this point, we want to type X Code Dash, select dash, dash install.
And press enter.
If you get a dialog box that pops up as I do, that means that the command line tools and the compiler
are not currently installed.
If you get a message saying that they are currently installed, then you're done.
You can move on to installing the integrated development environment.
In this case, I have the choice of installing the full Xcode integrated development environment or
simply install the command line tools.
I'm only going to install the command line tools, which again includes the compiler.
So I'll select install.
I'll agree to the license agreement.
And the software will be downloaded and installed.
It's a pretty quick process.
After a few minutes, you'll see a message saying the software was installed and the installation is
complete.
You can test out the installation by simply typing G plus plus dash dash version at the terminal and
you'll see the version number of the C++ compiler, which means it's all set and good to go.
At this point, you'll keep the command line tools up to date through the App Store so you could select
App Store.
Updates and you can see your command line tool updates will appear here.
Right now I've got no updates available because I just installed the latest.
That's it.
We've installed the command line tools.
Our compilers are all set up and we're good to go.
The next step is to install the integrated development environment.